# PanelArc
PANEL ARC: META SEARCH ENGINE
publication dateOct 14, 2016  publication descriptionIEEE UP SECTION (INDIA)

publication descriptionOBJECTIVE:

When you run your own website, especially at the end, it could create if you want to start a business. Get help with your website design and website is listed in search engines, use the search engine a good strategy for business web design and professional development, to be known. For a list of courses, the increasing number of visitors to this website for any SEO at the end. Internet marketing strategy focuses on search engines and use. Don’t you agree? Search engines have become one of the basic needs in our life. Thus, the website provides you a whole new platform and a whole new way to search the world. Also, the site aims at bringing a more interactive, smart and suggestive way of searching which not only includes the conventional ways but also provides you with a new “click & find” visual interface of the things that you want to search, even before you have started searching.

All other search engine are taking into account "sort & look" rule, while PANEL ARC presents to you an all the more simple & intuitive "snap & discover" interface. Likewise, dissimilar to different motors, where you test for the ideal authority webpage, PANEL ARC instinctually offers the most trusted authority site all in a sole spot. Additionally, you'll observe the site to be a considerable measure more pictorial in interface than some other web crawlers in this way.

HIGHLIGHT:

Secured 2nd for “PANEL ARC: META SEARCH ENGINE” (www.panelarc.com) at Project Exhibition, 2nd INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE on NGCT-2016 “Next Generation Computing Technologies” Technically Co- Sponsored By: IEEE UP SECTION (INDIA) Conference ID: 39694

Awarded from Honorable Chief Minister of Uttarakhand, India “Shri Harish Rawat” for best research paper proposal on “click based search engine optimization “

Research Publication on PANELARC: Meta Search Engine at {Research Initiative for Students of Engineering (RISE)}, UNIVERSITY OF PETROLEUM AND ENERGY STUDIES
